# Adhaar_Card_Fraud_Detection_
As we all know these days frauds are very common. But when we talk about frauds and stuff, A very basic type of fraud is getting famous day by day. And people are now doing it for fun knowing it's an illegal activity i.e Making Fake Documents {Such as : Adhaar_Card, Pan_Card, Passport, Voter_Card so and so on}. So at one time some people used to give their Fake Documents. But this was not the problem Because this is not done from past days. The real problem was faced by Organizations that were not capable enough to diffrentiate between original document and the tempered one. If these organisations opt for manual distinguish stages. It used to consume so much time as well as effort. And still becaused the persons {officers hired for understanding and distinguishing b/w a real document and a fake document} were still humans not computers they also could not sometime distinguish between real and fake one. Beacuse some the fraud document were made so carefully and patiently that it could not be easy for a human to understand whether it is fake doument or real one with a naked eye Or in some cases these officers hired for doing this tasks were given corruption money to pass these frauds documents when asked.  Yes I have come up with a tool named {" ADHAAR_CARD_FRAUD_DETECTION "}. Now by reading this your excitement level might increase a bit. A Question which everyone will have that Is this project built succesfully so that it can detect or diffrentiate between a Real Adhaar_Card and a Fake Adhaar_Card but with good accuracy. Can it be detected? The Answer is YESS!! It can be You just have to provide an Original_Identity_Card as well as Tempered_Identity_Card and it will tell how much it matches with original in percentage(%) {Keep In Mind --> The lesser the accuracy the more chances are Identity card is not real or you can say it is fake.}  Hopefully!! This project can be used in different organizations where customers or users need to provide any kind of id in order to get themselves verified. The organization can use this project to find out whether the ID is original or fake. Similarly this can be used for any type of ID like pan card, voter id so and so forth.
